Welcome to Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to a movie titled: Half light.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
In a small house in London located near a
canal, we meet Rachel Carlson, an American
murder mystery novelist.
Rachel lives with her second husband Brian,
who works as a book editor, and her 5-year-old
son Thomas.
Brian has returned home and has received an
email, it’s a rejection letter from a publishing
company about his future book Fade Away.
Rachel doesn't pay much attention to Brian
and instead focuses on typing.
Thomas wants his mom’s attention, so he
drives his toy car right into her foot.
Thomas then tells her that it's time to go
outside, with his mom telling him that she
needs a little more time.
He heads outside on his own as he can't wait
any longer.
Brian comes into the room a minute later and
shares his news with her.
Rachel says that they also rejected her first
book too and continues working.
Meanwhile, Thomas opens the gate that leads
to the Canal.
He walks down and begins playing with the
water.
Rachel begins to call for Thomas but she doesn’t
hear back from him.
She then discovers the gate is wide open.
She heads down the stairs to the canal and
continues calling out to her son.
She then sees his action figure floating in
the water next to a wooden boat.
She moves the boat out of the way, only to
make the unfortunate discovery that her son
has drowned.
Fast forward eight months, Rachel is driving
to the coastal region of Scotland looking
for a new home.
She blames herself for the death of Thomas,
and due to her inability to reconcile his
passing, she can no longer finish her book.
The tragedy has also put a tremendous burden
on her marriage.
She has fallen out of love with her husband,
and Brian is asking if they should divorce.
Though she did not commit to the idea, she
says they should deal with it later.
Rachel’s attitude towards Brian has changed,
as she has put all the blame on him, accusing
him of leaving the gate open.
He is tired of her non-stop thinking about
Thomas, and also being labeled as the one
at fault.
She eventually settles on a house on the coast,
all by itself, the only thing in its line
of sight being a lighthouse on an island far
away from her.
She calls her friend Sharon to tell her about
the house's location, letting her know she
will be fine.
She walks around and discovers neighbors along
the way, Finlay Murray and his wife Mary Murphy
who point her to the town.
As she arrives, a lone woman sitting on a
bench named Morag tells her that her son is
waiting for her on the swings.
Rachel questions whose son, but Morag backs
off and claims mistaken identity.
Leaving town, she heads to a beach and gets
a boat to the lighthouse.
She explores the island, taking photos of
the horses that roam the area.
Making her last stop to take a picture of
the lighthouse.
Just then, a man named Angus spooks her unintentionally,
only to remark that the lighthouse is impressive.
He lets her know that they should become friends
since they are now neighbors, and she agrees
that they should.
Later that night, as she is going through
Thomas’ belongings, she finds a cryptic
message, saying to look behind her, which
makes her feel uneasy.
When she turns around, she sees her own reflection
in the mirror, scaring herself and dropping
the sketch.
Upon picking it back up, the message has vanished.
The next night, she suddenly sees Thomas outside
on the dock by her house.
She rushes to hug him, and tells him not to
go.
He then tells her to come and be with him.
Puzzled turns to paniced as Thomas pulls her
into the water and attempts to drown her.
She wakes up in a panic and it turns out to
be just a bad dream.
Slowly catching her breath, she looks over
and sees Thomas standing next to her again.
He lunges at her neck, she wakes up again.
Another day passes, and she has now decided
that she needs a break from typing to go and
see Angus.
Getting a tour of the place, she learns that
Angus lives by himself.
Angus, his father, and his grandfather all
have lived in that lighthouse, so he could
never leave.
He takes Rachel to the top and sees the horizon
in all its magnificence.
Rachel gives Angus one of her books and departs
from the island looking much happier than
before.
Some time has started to go by, Angus and
Rachel spend more time with each other.
Walking on the beach, riding horses, and just
enjoying his company.
Rachel shares about her enjoyable experiences
and life by the waves with Angus with Sharon.
One day, she and Angus decide to take a photo
by some ruins on the island.
At first, Rachel is joyful, but after the
shutter and flash go off, she starts flashing
back to the time she was with her son.
She snaps back out of it when Angus notices
her still frozen, asking her if she is alright.
She only tells him that she needs to get back,
and that she is sorry.
Sometime later she is at a local bar, alone
and zoning out, when Morag approaches and
mentions about the gate, which Rachel left
open.
Morag informs her that Thomas is trying to
follow her, still dripping wet, and attempting
to hold her hand.
All these words from Morag cause Rachel to
drop her glass.
Finlay helps her clean the glass and tells
her to disregard what Morag says, accusing
her of being an attention seeker.
At home, she finds another cryptic message
written with the alphabets on her refrigerator.
Terrified, she comes to see Angus.
Stares lead to caressing, leading to a kiss,
and then an embrace.
Finally feeling better about her life, she
goes to a birthday party for Mary.
She asks Mary if she has seen Angus yet.
Her question surprises everyone there.
Mary tells her that Angus and his wife Kate
died 7 years before.
Everyone else at the party confirms the reality,
leading Rachel to go mad.
She starts to think Angus might have never
been alive.
Upon leaving the party and going back to the
lighthouse, Finlay tells her that Kate had
an affair with a fisherman.
In the rage and chaos of finding out, Angus
shoved her into the furnace, killing her.
Angus killed the fisherman by impaling him
with a hook, hoisting him up, then he jumped
from the top of the lighthouse.
She looks for evidence that he is alive, even
calling Sharon and talking to her about it.
She tells her that Angus must have been her
imagination.
Worried for Rachel, Sharon decides to come
to her to take her home.
Disbelieving what is happening, Rachel goes
back to the lighthouse and climbs to the top
as she thought she saw Angus up there.
Just as Rachel gets to the top, Sharon arrives.
Rachel comes back down and tells her to imagine
Angus away.
Rachel sees Angus behind Sharon and tells
her to turn around.
Even forcing her to turn around to see Angus,
but Sharon doesn’t see him.
Turning her back to Angus, he stabs Sharon
to death.
Rachel goes to Finlay for help, but when they
get back, Sharon’s body is gone.
Worried she has imagined it all, Rachel then
calls her friend Robert to go check on Sharon.
Robert then calls Brian and tells him that
he thinks something is wrong with Rachel.
unbeknownst to Robert, Brian is already in
Rachel's house.
We then see Sharon, very much alive, meet
up with Angus at a bar.
It is revealed that Sharon and Brian have
decided to kill Rachel, and “Angus” is
a part of it.
Brian’s reason is for the money she has,
and Sharon because of her envy.
Angus is actually a man named Patrick and
is warned better not to have fallen for Rachel,
or his whole life may have collapsed.
Before leaving town, Patrick recalls throwing
the film from Rachels camera behind the ruins
and goes to wipe out any other existence of
him ever being there.
Alone at home, Rachel thinks she hears something
outside her house.
She investigates, and initially thinks she
is mistaken.
Turns out Brian is still there and comes from
behind her and puts her to sleep.
Patrick, now with the camera reel, looks to
leave the island, but is stopped when he starts
thinking about Rachel.
He ventures back to the lighthouse, but to
his horror, something attacks him.
At the same time, Morag goes and warns Finlay
about Rachel, and is convinced by Mary to
go investigate.
Now Rachel has been taken on a boat crewed
by Brian and Sharon, and Brian is close to
throwing her overboard with an anchor around
her feet.
Just before he does, the lighthouse starts
emitting light, and both don’t realize Rachel
is reawakening.
Before she can grab the key to undo the lock
around her leg, Brian pushes her.
She is able to hang onto the boat for a bit,
before being pushed overboard.
Struggling in the water, Rachel cannot undo
the lock to the anchor.
Before she passes out, she hears Thomas' words
showing her the key.
When she does, she sees the key that can free
her.
She surfaces and heads to shore.
Both Sharon and Brian have gone into the lighthouse
looking for Patrick, thinking he turned on
the lights, only to be confronted by Rachel
who has found a flare gun.
She tells Brian to tie himself up but ends
up in a struggle with Sharon.
Misfiring the flare inside, Brian attacks
Rachel, but the impact of his spirit sends
Sharon into the furnace, killing her.
Brian follows Rachel up the stairs of the
light house but is stopped by Patrick.
However, he denies being Patrick, and stabs
Brian with a hook chain.
Patrick then goes to the top of the light
house, stares down Rachel then places the
seashell in her hand, and jumps off the top
to his death.
All three have mirrored the way Kate, the
Fisherman, and Angus died in the past.
Some time has passed, and the conspiracy has
become public.
At Rachel’s house, Finlay tells Rachel he
will keep people off the island to let Angus’s
spirit rest.
Morag gives her a last piece of advice, and
tells Rachel to let go of Thomas’s death.
They hug it out, and Rachel leaves her house.
She then goes back to her original house at
the beginning of the story and sits in the
same place she had when she took the picture
with her son.
Rachel finally comes to peace with that day.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!